Modified docs to adhere to schema_2nd PR (#44)
devfile/docs: docs/modules/user-guide/partials/proc_adding-attributes-to-a-devfile.adoc

= Adding attributes to a devfile

[role="_abstract"]

> Devfile attributes can be used to configure various features and properties according to users' and tools' needs. Attributes are implementation-dependant, free-form YAML and can be defined for the following devfile objects: metadata, components, commands, projects, or starterProjects.

Reviewer: Use fixed-width for devfile objects.

> Devfile attributes can be used to configure various features and properties according to users' and tools' needs. Attributes are implementation-dependant, free-form YAML and can be defined for the following devfile-objects: metadata, components, commands, projects, or starterProjects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Devfile attributes can be used to configure various features and properties according to user and tooling needs. Attributes are implementation-dependant, free-form YAML and can be defined for the following devfile objects: `metadata`, `components`, `commands`, `projects`, and `starterProjects`.
```

.Procedure

> . Define a custom attribute

Reviewer 2: Update this doc to

Devfile attributes can be used to configure various features and properties according to user's and tool's needs. Attributes are implementation-dependant free-form YAML and can be defined for either of the devfile objects - metadata, components, commands, projects or starterProjects.

...
...

Procedure

1. Define a custom attribute

Consider a user defined use case where an editor is not specified in a devfile, a default is provided. When no editor is needed, use the `editorFree` attribute.

```

schemaVersion: 2.0.0
metadata:
  name: petclinic-dev-environment
  attributes: 
     editorFree: true
components:
  - name: myapp
    kubernetes:
      uri: my-app.yaml
```

--

You may remove the rest of the info from this doc

+

> Consider a use case when no editor is provided. When no editor is specified, a default editor is provided. To represent this user defined example, use the `editorFree` attribute as depicted in the following example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When no editor is specified, a default editor is provided. To represent this user-defined example, use the `editorFree` attribute as shown in the following example:
```

. Define a custom attribute
+

> When an editor is not specified in a devfile, a default is provided. Also, when an editor is not specified, consider a user defined use case. When no editor is needed, use the `editorFree` attribute.

Reviewer 2: Dont think this makes much sense to me, I just wanted to convey something along the lines of:

Consider a use case when no editor is provided. When no editor is specified, a default editor is provided. To represent this user defined example, use the `editorFree` attribute as shown below.

metadata:
  name: petclinic-dev-environment
components:
  - name: myapp
    kubernetes:
      uri: my-app.yaml

> attributes:

Reviewer 2: This doc seems to be adding the global attributes which is not present in the schema as of yet.

@elsony 

1. should this be updated to metadata.attributes?
2. the examples given here talk about use cases but they seem to suggest these are optional properties and not tool specific information, should they be updated that way?

Reviewer 3: Looking at the specific documented attributes `editorFree`, it sounds like it is a well-known attribute with a pre-defined behaviour. However, that attribute is not part of the spec (I wonder where that info is from). +1 on we can't use that as an example yet given that we haven't introduced the global attribute yet. Even if we move the sample attribute under the `metadata` section, we should reword this example to make it clear that it is just defining a custom attribute.

  - name: petclinic
    git:
      remotes:

>         origin: "https://github.com/che-samples/web-java-spring-petclinic.git"

Reviewer 3: This is still correct, no need to change
